# Battleship Final Project

In this version of battleship, the player plays against the computer.  The player can choose their own game settings byt deciding how many columns, rows, and ships they want to play with.  Each player then secretly arranges their ships on the game board.  They then take turns trying to "sink" all of their oppenent's ships by taking turns guessing the coordinates of a target square.  If the coordinate match the location of an opponent's ship then it counts as a "hit."  My program will display two game board grids.  One grid will show the location of your ships and record the opponent's shots.  The other grid will record your shots and hits taken against your opponent throughout the game. 

The framework for this game is based off a two 2D gameboard vectors, one attack board and one defense board.  Each starts out containing all 0's.  Then as you place your ships, it changes the value of that coordinate to either 1, 5, 9, 13 and so on.  The values increase by 4 so that you can determine which ship exists at each coordinate with (board[x][y] / 4), which returns the corresponding index of a ship in the ship names list.  When a coordinate is fired on, +2 is added to that coordinate.  Now, (board[x][y] % 4) yields the following results: 0 = empty coordinate that has not been fired on; 1 = coordinate containing ship that has not been fired on; 2 = empty coordinate that has been fired on; 3 = coordinate containing ship that has been fired on (hit).  The attack board only displays coordinates that you have fired on.  The defense board displays the placement of all your ships and records the enemy's hits and misses.
